[RHDHPAI 780] Adding plugin requirement documentation for RHDH software templates (#83)
redhat-ai-dev/ai-lab-template: documentation/app/template-requirements.md

# Template Requirements

This document outlines the plugins and configurations required to use the AI Lab templates effectively in your Red Hat Developer Hub (RHDH) environment.

## Required Plugins

The following plugins need to be configured in your RHDH dynamic plugins configuration:

### ArgoCD Integration
- **Purpose**: Provides GitOps deployment capabilities and visualization
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-community-plugin-redhat-argocd` (frontend)
  - `roadiehq-backstage-plugin-argo-cd-backend-dynamic` (backend)
  - `roadiehq-scaffolder-backend-argocd-dynamic` (scaffolder actions)

### Documentation
- **Purpose**: Enables TechDocs for template documentation
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-plugin-techdocs-backend-dynamic` (backend)

>   - `backstage-plugin-techdocs` (frontend)

Reviewer: Curious - If these requirements are in RHDH in the form of Tech Docs, are they able to read these requirements without the plugins?

Author: This techdocs should still appear for each of the templates if I'm not wrong even without the plugins.

Reviewer 2: @JslYoon I think what @Jdubrick is suggesting is, if we dont have the techdocs plugin installed, can we confirm clicking this does not error out? Because we *may* need to have the techdoc plugin installed to even view the document you added. If you confirmed it, you may resolve this conversation.

<img width="758" height="577" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-10 at 3 11 09 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5c22b03-2d91-4749-a7f9-cc97ba77bf26" />

Reviewer 2: @Jdubrick This document suggests techdocs maybe default https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/existing-plugins

Reviewer: @maysunfaisal +1, if it is enabled by default then we can omit it from the pre-reqs, from the rhdh 1.6 docs it looks like techdocs are enabled by default: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.6/html/dynamic_plugins_reference/con-preinstalled-dynamic-plugins

Author: Yes, thank you for catching that @Jdubrick @maysunfaisal, I just removed the techdocs plugins from the documentation as one of the default plugins.

### Topology Visualization
- **Purpose**: Provides visual representation of application topology
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-community-plugin-topology`

> ### GitHub Integration
> - **Purpose**: Enables GitHub repository management and scaffolding
> - **Plugins**:
>   - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-github-dynamic` (catalog discovery)
>   - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-github-org-dynamic` (organization data)
>   - `backstage-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-github-dynamic` (scaffolder actions)
> 
> ### GitLab Integration (optional)
> - **Purpose**: Enables GitLab repository management and scaffolding
> - **Plugins**:
>   - `backstage-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-gitlab-dynamic` (scaffolder actions)
>   - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab-dynamic` (catalog discovery)
>   - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab-org-dynamic` (organization data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GitHub Integration
- **Purpose**: Enables GitHub repository management and scaffolding
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-github-dynamic` (catalog discovery)
  - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-github-org-dynamic` (organization data)
  - `backstage-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-github-dynamic` (scaffolder actions)

### GitLab Integration (optional)
- **Purpose**: Enables GitLab repository management and scaffolding
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab-dynamic` (catalog discovery)
  - `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab-org-dynamic` (organization data)
  - `backstage-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-gitlab-dynamic` (scaffolder actions)
```

nit to keep the descriptors consistent

### Tekton Integration
- **Purpose**: Provides CI/CD pipeline visualization and management
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-community-plugin-tekton`

### Kubernetes Integration
- **Purpose**: Enables Kubernetes cluster integration and resource management
- **Plugins**:
  - `backstage-plugin-kubernetes` (frontend)
  - `backstage-plugin-kubernetes-backend-dynamic` (backend)

## GitHub App Permissions

> When using GitHub integration, you'll need to set up a GitHub App with the following permissions:
> 
> For detailed GitHub App setup instructions, refer to the [Backstage GitHub Apps documentation](https://backstage.io/docs/integrations/github/github-apps/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using GitHub integration, you'll need to set up a GitHub App with a few permissions.

For detailed GitHub App setup instructions, please refer to the [Backstage GitHub Apps documentation](https://backstage.io/docs/integrations/github/github-apps/).
```
